{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green114\blue192;\red84\green114\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c53333\c80000;\cssrgb\c40000\c53333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18280\viewh14780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What's your name?\
\
Welcome to Old Peeps Skate Shop (name goes here), the best shop in town and all around. I see you want to learn how to skateboard. You\'92re going to need a skateboard of course (duh), so let\'92s get you set up, how old are you (name)?\
\
< 20\
	\'95 This is Old Peeps Skate Shop, you\'92re too young to be shopping here. I recommend you go to the mall or wherever you kids go to nowadays. You could also go to Lil Kids Skate Shop, would you like directions? (Y/N)\
		\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'95 (Y)es\
			\'95 Go out through the back of the shop, make a left on the light post, walk pass the Panda that\'92s at the end of the second block. Turn 90 degrees right and then take 43 steps backwards. Turn 180 degrees and you\'92ll see it right there.\
		\cf3 \'95 (N)o\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 			\'95 Then get the hell out of my shop!\
\
21-30\
	\'95 You\'92re on the younger side but we\'92ll take anyone over 21, just like the army (jk). Seeing as you\'92re just (age here) and should still have some spring on you, we\'92re going to set you up with a 8\'94 board with some 139mm trucks and some 50mm wheels. Next thing is get you set up with a pro skater that\'92s close to your age to get a few personal lessons. Who would you like to learn with? (A/C)\
			\'95 (A)ndy Anderson\
				\'95 Andy Anderson is a Canadian skateboarder sponsored by Powell Peralta. He is best known for his unique style, which blends classic tricks of the early decades of skateboarding with more modern techniques. He wears a helmet and rides a unique shape board, he\'92s suggesting you get a helmet and change your board. Would you like to? (O/H)\
					\'95 (O)f course, he\'92s the teacher, probably knows best\
						\'95 Andy is so excited you\'92re taking his advice. The two of you go to Venice and skate all day long. Not only does he teach you how to ride, you also got to learn a trick or two. Best day ever!\
					\'95 (H)ell no, I like to live wild and free and my new board is too sweet to exchange\
						\'95 Then go be wild and free, figure out how to skateboard on your own and be sure to stay away from Andy, he\'92ll snake you at the skatepark.\
			\'95 (C)urren Caples\
				\'95 Curren Caples is an American skateboarder sponsored by Vans. Although originally from Ohio, Curren has lived most of his life in Southern California and because of it he\'92s an amazing surfer as well. Curren takes you to the Vans skatepark in Huntington Beach. He teaches you the basics and the two of you have an awesome session at the park, you follow him, he follows you. You keep learning as you go and get more comfortable on the board with time.\
\
\
31-40\
	\'95 You\'92re at the sweet spot of oldness, your knees are starting to pop and your back is killing you but the spirit is high and you\'92re ready to learn. Seeing as you\'92re (age here), we\'92re going to set you up with a 8.25\'94 board, with 149mm trucks and 52mm wheels. Next thing is get you set up with a pro skater that\'92s close to your age to get a few personal lessons. Who would you like to learn with? (P/S)\
		\'95 (P)aul Rodriguez\
			\'95 Paul Rodriguez, also known by his nickname P-Rod, is an American skateboarder, actor, rapper, and recording artist. Rodriguez has won a total of eight medals at the X Games. He\'92s the owner of Primitive Skateboards and is sponsored by Nike. P-Rod wants to skate a legendary spot in LA today, but you have to meet him there. Where do you think he is? (W/B/J)\
				\'95 (W)est LA Courthouse\
					\'95 You arrive to the West LA Courthouse and start rolling up to the spot when you see Guy Mariano and Eric Koston skating the ledges. You ask them about P-Rod and they tell you he just left the spot. He was there skating with them, got a few clips and left to the next spot.\
				\'95 (B)elmont Middle School\
					\'95 You climb over the fence to get into Belmont Middle School and boy was that a struggle, the biggest fence you\'92ve ever seen in your life and seeing as you\'92re (age here) it was no easy job. You see some skaters by the benches and you run into Spanish Mike (Primitive\'92s filmer) and he tells you P-Rod never made it to Belmont, he was suppose to meet him there but instead sent his teammate Carlos Ribeiro, the two of them have been working all morning filming some tricks.\
				\'95 (J)kwon Plaza\
					\'95 It must be Sunday because that\'92s the only time you can skate at Jkwon, you get there early and see only one skater working on the ledges, is P-Rod! He decided to start his Sunday early and made it to the spot before the crowd arrives. He\'92s ready to teach you some moves, but first he wants to know your stance, which foot do you place forward? (L/R)\
						\'95 (L)eft\
							\'95 That means your stance is \'93regular\'94, while P-Rod rides with his other foot forward, it doesn\'92t matter because he\'92s so good riding both ways. He\'92s going to ride switch just so that it\'92s easier for you to follow along. He\'92s such a good teacher that you learn several tricks, and throw down at Jkwon, he even films a couple of clips with you and you appear on his IG.\
						\'95 (R)ight\
							\'95 That means your stance is \'93goofy\'94, just like P-Rod. He\'92s such a good teacher that you learn several tricks, and throw down at Jkwon, he even films a couple of clips with you and because you both ride the same way he\'92s taking you under his wing.\
		\'95 (S)hane O\'92Neill\
			\'95 Shane O\'92Neill is an Australian skateboarder from Melbourne, Victoria. He\'92s the owner of April Skateboards and is sponsored by Nike. He\'92s actually in Australia at the moment, you should try learning with someone else.\
\
41-50\
\
\
\
>= 51 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}